---
layout: post
title:  "2025 so far"
date:   2025-12-30 11:34
categories: thoughts life  
---

# 2025 so far 

this year started like “it’s my year, no one can defeat me” etc. guess what? I’ve got smashed by my own self.

## uni

the winter session (jan/feb) kicked off pretty well, evidently the best exam session in terms of academic performance. I was surprised and also very motivated to win over my anxiety of social pressure and get graduated. 

unfortunately, due to poorly focus (and also skill issue(??)) my summer session went horrible. my original plan was to do 3 EXAMS PER MONTH. crazy ambitious goal. I brought home only one exam… better than nothing, right? 

also the november session went bad, I wanted to pass Discrete Maths but I withdraw at the oral exam. 

hopefully the next session is well planned and suits my needs. still a little a bit ambitious but I hope for the best. also i’m trying new methods from a book (I promise no fuffa, I will make a post about it) 

## friendships 

at the beginning of the year, it seemed like i’ve found a balance with a great group of friends (or well acquaintances) 
but like everything in life, i’m not longer friends with them due to one couple broke up and group split up. 

even with my colleagues in uni, I haven’t really established a real connection with any of them. There’s too much competition and few people are really kind of hearth and open minded. 

but at least, I’ve reconnected with some good old friends and I’m really happy about it. (cia mariolu, thom e samu)

## left theatre for 6 months 

in january with the exam session I wasn’t able to manage 2 labs and I was losing myself for the anxiety of not doing anything. so I left. I could bear all of this at once. and also I was really tired for all. 

but I felt empty in the meantime, strange emotion. well, I was doing good indeed a did a lot of life’s experiences but I would get this sense of emptiness. so, I thought, less is more.just one theatre lab to express myself through that and as a good gold hobby!

## travels 

explain briefly and add pics/curiosities! 

### first road trip to rome 



### chiello in reggio 

### warsaw 

### berlin 


## conclusion


